Hmm... do you have energy?
If you have the energy, you can do whatever you want
You’re an idiot!
Hello everyone!
Hot blooded Virtual YouTuber Kizuna Ai here!
Today, I’ll be transmitting my passionate feelings in a passionate way!
You, who locked yourself in the house because lately it's been cold!
That’s not good! Not good! Not good!
That's not good!
If you plan to give up over such an insignificant matter!
Remember that I, being in this white space completely alone...
...I record videos on my own!
But don’t worry!
I’m with all of you who are watching me
That's why no matter how lonely you feel!
You’ll feel a warmth in your heart!!
That’s right, at this moment, I’m a virtual hokkairo!
(Type of thermal cloth to warm the body)
I’ll make sure to encourage you with this heat!
Choose your goal, work toward the end and you’ll definitely make it
That’s right
It's because of that...
Never give up!!
All of you!
Have you taken something seriously and worked hard for it lately?
If you take things seriously, you can change the world!
If you take things seriously, you can change everything!
Wait, wait a moment
Why? Why do you get so negative?
To believe in yourself, you write "Jishin"
You need to have more confidence in yourselves and work hard!
Don’t worry
I'm seeing how you guys are working hard!
I'm encouraging you!
You can do it! Don’t worry!
You can do it! You can do it!
You can definitely do it!
It's only a matter of feeling that you want to do it
That’s right! Don't give up with your feelings!
You should work hard being certain and positive!
Even the "Random Word Generator" is working hard!
It's true that you can get depressed when something fails, right?
"Why did that happen?"
"Why did I say that?"
I tend to ask the same thing myself so I understand you completely!
But don't worry!
Another wind will blow tomorrow!
What happens, happens!
Don’t worry...
...Be happy
“I feel cold in my heart and body"
For those that think that!
There exists a method which you can feel warmth immediately!
This method is...
Using your words!
If you say you're cold, you'll feel even colder
It's because of that that if you say you feel warm,  you'll feel even warmer!
Do you understand?
That's right
It's because of that, that...
It's hot!
It's hot! It's hot! It's hot!
It's hot! It's hot! It's hot! It's hot! It's hot! It's hot! It's hot! It's hot! It's hot! It's hot!
Translated by Vortex